New labs project proposal, Pick'n'Mix Wallet (#75)
openwallet-foundation/project-proposals: projects/pick-n-mix.md

> **Name of Project:** Pick’n’Mix Wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Name of Project:** Pick'n'Mix Wallet
```

Use plain quotes

**Preferred maturity level:** Labs 

**Project description** (what it does, why it is valuable, origin and history)

> The Pick’n’Mix Wallet is a lightweight text-based wallet written by Romek Szczesniak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pick'n'Mix Wallet is a lightweight text-based wallet written by Romek Szczesniak.
```

It is valuable to the Open Wallet Foundation as it shows the Universal Reference Wallet Architecture (URWA) diagram as a fully usable working wallet for educational purposes. It has allowed Romek as part of the Architecture SIG to review the URWA diagram to see if it can be implemented and demonstrate that anyone can make a usable wallet from the URWA design based on existing OWF Projects.

> The Pick’n’Mix Wallet is built from scratch by Romek. Its origins are as a lightweight wallet in 2019 demonstrating digital currency for a fintech startup works (in Ruby). It has been kept private and never been used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pick'n'Mix Wallet is built from scratch by Romek. Its origins are as a lightweight wallet in 2019 demonstrating digital currency for a fintech startup works (in Ruby). It has been kept private and never been used.
```

It aims to design a wallet with minimal user experience and text file APIs to allow for others to easily experiment with any part of this wallet simply and easily. 

> I wish for the Pick’n’Mix wallet to be used for the public good as I see it as a useful tool in showing the link between the OWF Architecture SIG Group discussions and real-life wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I wish for the Pick'n'Mix wallet to be used for the public good as I see it as a useful tool in showing the link between the OWF Architecture SIG Group discussions and real-life wallets.
```

> The Pick’n’Mix Wallet is designed to be an educational tool allowing for simple design and experimentation within the wallet framework. It is built using a text menu system of many interchangeable functions and text file APIs for ease of use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pick'n'Mix Wallet is designed to be an educational tool allowing for simple design and experimentation within the wallet framework. It is built using a text menu system of many interchangeable functions and text file APIs for ease of use.
```

> A presentation of how the Pick’n’Mix Wallet works in full detail, and a working demo can be provided if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A presentation of how the Pick'n'Mix Wallet works in full detail, and a working demo can be provided if required.
```
